[♪ tense music playing]
[Maul screaming]
[yelling]
[Rook Kast] There's...
no sign of Lord Maul.
We'll head out of the sector
and hope he finds us.
[Maul gasps]
[Rylee] None of this makes any sense.
Why is the Empire after us?
[Lawson] The Empire isn't
what you think it is. son.
-[Lawson] Rheena.
-I found a transport to get us off-world.
We leave in two hours.
[Two-Boots] Rylee.
I am rescuing you.
Hey. boys. need a ride?
[engines revving and roaring]
[stormtrooper screams]
Hang on!
[Rook Kast] Any sign of him?
[groans]
We'll wait as long as it takes.
[Devon] We need to turn back.
[Lawson] And go where?
[Devon] Anywhere is better than
walking into a trap.
[breathing heavily]
[Rook Kast] My Lord.
[Vario] Well. I just received
a rather interesting communiqué.
That was a representative
from Crimson Dawn.
Dryden Vos requests an audience.
Things are looking up.
[♪ music concludes]
[announcer over PA] Attention.
The Imperial Authority has declared
a full-time planetary curfew
until further notice.
effective immediately
and without exception.
Personal and public transportation
is expressly forbidden
under penalty of death.
[engines whirring]
Let us hear
what Crimson Dawn has to offer.
[hologram buzzes]
Lord Maul.
Dryden Vos.
It has been a while.
I heard you were
facing difficulties on Janix.
The Imperial sort.
If I may be so bold. I have a proposal.
One that could benefit both of us.
Really?
And your superior approves?
My superior? [scoffs]
Rintero doesn't know about this.
Crimson Dawn has betrayed me in the past.
but now you intend to offer me sanctuary?
I will personally provide your escape
from the Imperial forces on Janix.
And what do you believe
I will do in return?
[Dryden] It's quite simple.
Once I complete my part of the bargain.
you will kill Boss Rintero
and install me
as the leader of Crimson Dawn.
How devious.
I am proud of you. Dryden.
[scoffs] What can I say?
Listen. I'm sending encoded coordinates
to a rendezvous point.
but our window is short.
If you're not there. you are on--
We will be there. Vos.
Make the preparations.
There is one last thing I must attend to.
My Lord. even with the girl.
we still need a way
past the Imperial lockdown
and out of the city.
Perhaps Captain Lawson will provide a way.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[inhales deeply]
[♪ eerie music playing]
[announcer over PA] Attention.
The Imperial Authority has declared
a full-time planetary curfew
until further notice.
effective immediately
and without exception.
Personal and public transportation
is expressly forbidden
under penalty of death.
[Two-Boots] It appears they have
deactivated my communication device.
We now have no effective way
of monitoring police channels.
I suppose I must accept
that I am now a fugitive from the law.
We all are. Two-Boots.
-[Devon exhales]
-[Rylee sighs softly]
[panting. whimpering]
-[voices screaming]
-[panting]
[Maul] Devon.
-Devon.
-[gasping]
-Devon?
-What is it?
[Devon panting]
A dream.
[♪ unsettling music playing]
[Devon] I was here in the city.
following someone.
I couldn't make them out.
We arrived at a statue of a woman.
she was holding a spear and a shield.
It could be the Armistice Fountain.
It's not too far.
Someone has put this image in your mind.
Sounds like a trap.
It doesn't feel like one.
This is no dream.
This is a suggestion.
an offer. made by Maul.
I think it's a chance to escape.
I'm certain it is.
[Lawson sighs]
Well. whatever we do.
-we gotta keep moving.
-[distant clanking]
[♪ foreboding music playing]
[announcer over PA] Attention.
The Imperial Authority has declared
a full-time planetary curfew
until further notice.
effective immediately
and without exception.
Personal and public transportation
is expressly forbidden
under penalty of death.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[Master Daki] Your message was received.
Now reveal your intentions.
My intention is to provide a way
off this planet for all of us.
[commando grunts]
Oh. that's wonderful.
These are dangerous times
for brave people.
I wish only to see you
evade the Empire's grasp with me.
[Spybot speaking Droid]
Booshkeedoo!
A ship will rendezvous with us soon.
Outside the city.
You'll never get out that way.
In case you haven't noticed.
the Empire's got
the perimeter on lockdown.
Hmm. Interesting.
Perhaps you know a better route
out of the city. Captain Lawson?
Yeah. I may.
Since we have the means
to leave this planet.
our only chance of escape is an alliance.
[sighs] Listen. it's a risk.
I mean. if it's our last shot...
[Two-Boots] It is an option
worth considering.
although he looks very untrustworthy.
I will agree to this.
but we must remain cautious
of the Shadow Lord.
[announcer over PA] Attention.
The Imperial Authority has declared...
[announcer continues indistinctly]
-Hey! What the--
-Sorry. little buddy.
Who are you?
Leave my son alone.
Oh. you're a Lawson? [laughs boisterously]
Sorry to hear that. kid.
Amazed to see us
on the same side for once.
Vario. I'm frankly amazed
-that you're still alive.
-[laughs boisterously]
[Spybot speaking Droid]
[Rook Kast] This route has no access
out of the city.
[Maul sighs]
Are you certain that this is the correct
way past the perimeter. Captain?
Yes. I'm certain.
There's a power station a district away.
It's built over an underground fissure
that'll take us past the Empire.
Then by all means.
[Spybot whirring]
You've been hiding something from me.
Maul would not be able
to access your mind with such ease
unless there was a connection between you.
[Devon inhales. sighs]
When we were separated at the casino.
Rylee and I were attacked.
Maul saved our lives.
He brought us to safety.
Did he help you for your sake...
or his own?
[mechanical thudding]
[engines whirring]
Well. that complicates things.
Our way out is through there.
There's too many to sneak past.
Patience. They will move on.
We do not have time for patience.
Our transport will not wait for us.
[Rook Kast] Jam their comms.
[Spybot] Yes. yes. yes.
Comms go bye-bye. me jam comms.
[laughing maliciously]
[lightsaber buzzing]
[stormtrooper 1] Call for backup!
[stormtrooper 2] Sir. comms are down!
[stormtrooper 1] All troopers. open fire!
Blast him!
[blasters firing]
[stormtrooper screaming]
I guess so much for stealth.
[♪ tense music playing]
-[explosion]
-[Devon grunts. sighs]
[explosions]
[stormtrooper screaming]
[mechanical whining]
[crashes]
[explosion]
Hey. you be careful with that thing.
[panting] Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Just remember what I taught you.
I will.
[♪ ominous music playing]
[Eleventh Brother] They were here.
[Marrok] They're making their escape.
The passage runs under the plant
and into the jungle.
Hunted a fugitive here
a couple of years ago.
Yeah. ironic.
That'll get us down there.
[fan whirring]
[Rook Kast] You first.
These guys are gonna double-cross us
the second we get outside of the city.
Stay alert.
[Rook Kast] What do you want to do
about the old man?
Oh. have some respect. Rook.
He is a Jedi Master and we need him.
For now.
[ships whirring]
[fire crackling]
[stormtrooper] They attacked quickly
and vanished soon after.
We searched the station.
but have no lead on their position.
[fan whirring]
[♪ ominous music continues]
[liquid squelching]
[sniffs. groans] That's a smell
I wish we'd avoided.
[hissing. crackling]
[Icarus] Acid.
It's toxic waste from the city.
[Two-Boots] Illegally disposed of!
I will report this immediately!
Never mind.
Probably not priority number one.
[Maul] I do not see a way to cross.
The ceiling is too low.
the distance too far. even for us.
The jump is not possible.
I agree with Master Daki.
[Rylee] What about this thing?
That's an old skiff.
But that won't get us anywhere.
See if there's another one
around here somewhere.
There!
-[Rook Kast] Go.
-[Spybot speaking Droid]
[continues in sing-song voice]
[Vario] Are you kidding me?
That thing'll barely hold
two of us at a time.
It's gonna take forever!
-[Rylee grunts]
-[Spybot speaking Droid]
-Ooh. Hey. Easy.
-[Spybot] No touchy! No!
[Lawson] I'm sorry for this.
I never should have
put you in this situation.
It's not your fault.
Well. I wish that were true. Rylee.
I haven't been there for you for a while.
And the things I was focused on
just finally caught up to me.
[Rylee] Well. look on the bright side.
This is the most time
you and I have together spent in a while.
[chuckles softly]
[Spybot retching]
-Do you mind?
-[Spybot laughs. speaks Droid]
[Vario] Whoa! [grunts]
[Two-Boots] I suppose
I'm no better than you now. [scoffs]
-A common criminal.
-[Spybot speaking Droid]
[Two-Boots] No. that is not a good thing.
What is it?
[Master Daki] Someone is approaching.
[lightsaber activates]
Master?
[♪ tense music playing]
[lightsaber activates]
[lightsabers buzzing]
[grunts]
Devon!
[blasters firing]
[Spybot speaking Droid]
Cross!
-[Rook Kast] My Lord. no!
-Now!
-[sighs wearily]
-[blasters firing]
[yelps. groans]
[Rook Kast] Protect the skiff!
[stormtrooper screams]
-[Marrok] We will see to your demise.
-[Maul grunts]
You are but another pawn of Darth Sidious.
Surely you know he has dispatched
you to die. just as he did me.
[Maul grunts]
[Spybot grunts]
[groaning] Master...
[growling]
[Maul yelling]
[lightsabers buzzing. crackling]
[lightsaber whirring]
[Maul grunting]
-[grunts] Go!
-I'm not leaving you. Master.
Devon. please! [grunts]
[grunts]
[grunts. straining]
[commando yelps]
[Icarus groaning]
[Icarus growling]
[stormtrooper yelping]
[groaning. growling]
[groaning. yelps]
[stormtroopers groaning]
[groans. growls]
-[acid hissing]
-[Icarus groaning]
[indistinct chatter]
[stormtroopers screaming]
-[yelping]
-[lightsabers buzzing]
[Devon straining]
-[straining] Come on!
-Go.
Cross.
[straining]
[mechanical whirring]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[lightsabers buzzing]
[straining] Come on!
[lightsaber whirring]
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[Marrok] Inform him.
They are headed his way.
How far is this rendezvous?
[Lawson] Hard to tell in this fog.
[Rook Kast] I'll scout ahead and report.
Your friends. I'm sorry they're gone.
-[commando screaming]
-[blasters firing]
[lightsabers activate]
[Rook Kast yelping] Something...
Someone is out there.
[yelps]
[screams echoing]
[Rook Kast screaming]
[heavy breathing]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[lightsaber activates]
-[Darth Vader breathing heavily]
-[♪ music concludes]